CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Divine DevOps – Contributing & Content Guidelines

## Overview
- This guide covers all content, formatting, style, and technical conventions for contributing to Divine DevOps posts and site content.
- When adding new sections or rules, place them in the most relevant section below to keep the file organized and easy to use.

---

## Basic Content Rules
1. **Clarity and Brevity**
   - Write all content to be clear, concise, and easy to understand, even when using in-universe humor or references.
   - Avoid unnecessary jargon unless it serves the joke or theme.
2. **Tone and Voice**
   - Maintain a consistent, playful, and “in-universe” tone throughout all posts.
   - Use DevOps, sysadmin, and tech metaphors to reinforce the Divine DevOps theme.
3. **Accessibility**
   - Ensure all images have descriptive alt text.
   - Use semantic HTML where possible for better accessibility.
4. **Front Matter Consistency**
   - Every post must start with valid YAML front matter including:
     - `layout`
     - `title`
     - `date`
     - `summary` (see Post Summary Guidelines)
     - `intro` (see Post Intro Guidelines)
     - `tags`
     - `image` (see Image Usage and Post Images: Alt Text Guidelines)
     - `image_alt` (optional, see Post Images: Alt Text Guidelines)
   - See the relevant sections below for details on each field.
5. **No Spoilers in Titles or Summaries**
   - Titles and summaries should not reveal the outcome or punchline of the post.
6. **One Main Incident/Miracle per Post, Plus Optional Extras**
   - Each post should focus on a single main incident, PR, or miracle for clarity and narrative focus.
   - In addition to the main event, a post can include a code snippet, a Slack thread, an event/meeting request, or other in-universe artifacts as appropriate.
7. **Chronological Consistency**
   - When posting a series (e.g., miracles), maintain chronological or logical order unless intentionally breaking it for narrative effect.

---

## Post Summary Guidelines
- Each post must have a `summary` in the YAML front matter.
- The summary should be written 'in universe' (from the perspective of the Divine DevOps Universe).
- The summary should not reveal the ending or final status of the post.
- The summary should set up the scenario, incident, or miracle as a hook for the reader, maintaining suspense or curiosity.

---

## Post Intro Guidelines
- Every post should include an `intro` field in the YAML front matter.
- The `intro` is displayed immediately after the post title (line 1) and the post date/time (line 2), before the main content.
- Write the intro as a single, punchy sentence or two that sets the tone, context, or stakes for the post.
- Keep it concise, engaging, and in-universe—think of it as the "hook" for the reader.
- Example:
  ```yaml
  intro: "Pull Request #666 represents one of the most audacious attempts at privilege escalation in divine history."
  ```
- If no `intro` is provided, the intro section will be omitted from the rendered post.

---

## Structure & Formatting Conventions

### Miracle/Event Post Structure
- Use the following sections in order:
  1. Miracle alert (with Adler Hash and incident summary)
  2. Incident/Event details (Event ID, User, etc.)
  3. System Logs (as a fenced code block)
  4. (Optional) Slack thread (see below)
  5. Postmortem/Commentary (blockquote or section)
  6. Status/Impact (bolded lines or emoji)
- Do not use a “Lessons Learned” box in miracle/event posts.

### Lessons Learned Box (PR/Incident Posts)
- Use a visually distinct `<div class="lessons-learned">` with a `<ul>` for “Lessons Learned” in PR or incident posts, but not in miracle/event posts.
- Example:
  ```html
  <div class="lessons-learned">
    <ul>
      <li>Lesson 1</li>
      <li>Lesson 2</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
  ```

### Section Headings and Dividers
- Use `###` or `####` for major section headings (e.g., “System Logs”, “Postmortem: Uriel-404 Commentary”, “Incident Report — ...”).
- Use `---` (horizontal rule) to visually separate major sections.
- **Do not use a colon (`:`) at the end of a section header unless the header and its content are on the same line (e.g., `Status:`). For headers that are alone on a line, omit the colon.**

### Blockquotes for Commentary
- Use `>` blockquote formatting for in-character commentary, especially from Uriel-404 or other “reviewers.”

### Status/Impact Section
- Status, Impact, Severity, etc., are listed as bolded lines at the end of the post, sometimes with emoji for emphasis.

### Adler Hash and Incident Summary
- Miracle/incident posts begin with a “Miracle alert” block, including an Adler Hash and a one-line incident summary.

### Reviewer/Email Formatting
- Reviewer and user emails in posts should use on-theme domains ending in `.eternal` (e.g., `@divine.eternal`, `@archangels.eternal`, `@notifications.eternal`).
- The subdomain should fit the sender's role or function in the post (e.g., `notifications.eternal` for notification emails, `archangels.eternal` for archangel reviewers, etc.).
- Use `.eternal` wherever you would use `.internal` in a typical tech org.

### Code/Log Blocks
- Use fenced code blocks (with language, e.g., ```log or ```bash) for logs, commands, or system output.
- Use the correct language identifier for code blocks for syntax highlighting.

### Image Usage
- Use descriptive alt text for all images.
- Use `.webp` for post images when possible for performance.

### Tag Formatting
- Tags are displayed as archive links below the post content.
- **Include relevant topics, event types, and all unique characters/users appearing in Slack threads, logs, or narrative (e.g., `jesus`, `uriel`, `gabriel`, `michael`, `raphael`).**
  - This improves discoverability and consistency across posts.

### Confession Booth (Giscus)
- The Giscus comment section is themed as a “Confession Booth” with a heading and intro, and offers both public (Giscus) and private (mailto) confession options.

---

## Image Guidelines
### Image Format Guidelines
- Prefer `.webp` for new images in posts, layouts, and most site content for better performance.
- **Do NOT use `.webp` for favicons, Apple touch icons, or manifest icons** (e.g., in `_includes/seo-head.html` and `_includes/header.html`). Use `.png` for these to ensure compatibility with all browsers, devices, and social sharing platforms.
- When adding a `.webp` version of an existing `.png`, update references in posts and templates to use `.webp` where appropriate, but keep `.png` for icons and legacy compatibility as above.
- **Always keep the original `.png` alongside the `.webp`** for reference and fallback, even if the main reference is updated to `.webp`.

### Post Images: Alt Text Guidelines
- All post images must have an `alt` attribute for accessibility.
- By default, the alt text will be set to the post title plus "image" (e.g., `alt="{{ page.title }} image"`).
- For better accessibility and context, you may set a custom alt text by adding an `image_alt` field to your post's front matter:
  
  ```yaml
  image: /assets/images/posts/merge-666.webp
  image_alt: "Cartoon of Lucifer attempting a forbidden merge"
  ```
- If `image_alt` is provided, it will be used as the alt text. If not, the default will be used.
- Use a brief, descriptive phrase for `image_alt` that conveys the image's content or purpose. If the image is decorative, you may use `image_alt: ""` (empty string).

---

## SCSS/Sass Workflow for CSS
- All site styles are written in modular SCSS partials located in the `_sass/` directory.
- The main SCSS entry point is `assets/css/main.scss`, which imports all partials and is compiled to CSS by Jekyll.
- To add or update styles:
  1. Create or edit a partial in `_sass/` (e.g., `_slack.scss` for Slack thread styles).
  2. Import your partial in `main.scss` if it isn't already included.
  3. Use variables and mixins from shared partials for consistency.
  4. Do not write or edit raw CSS files—always use SCSS partials.
- Run the Jekyll build process to compile SCSS to CSS. Jekyll will handle minification and output to `assets/css/main.css`.
- Use Stylelint to check for code quality and consistency in your SCSS.

---

## CSS & Styling Conventions
- Reuse existing CSS classes and partials from the `_sass` directory whenever possible (e.g., `.slack-log`, `.lessons-learned`, `.giscus-confession-booth`).
- Do not create new CSS classes for features that already have a style defined in the `_sass` directory.
- Reference or extend existing partials for new features to maintain a consistent look and reduce duplication.

---

## Slack Thread Formatting for Posts
Use the following HTML structure for all Slack-style threads in posts for consistency:
```html
<div class="slack-log">
  <div class="slack-msg">
    <div class="slack-header">
      <span class="slack-user username">username</span>
      <span class="slack-time">[time]</span>
    </div>
    <div class="slack-text">Message goes here.</div>
  </div>
  ...
</div>
```
- Each message should have the username and time together in a header `<div>`, and the message itself in a separate `<div>` below (multi-line format).
- Use the appropriate CSS classes for usernames (e.g., `slack-user uriel`, `slack-user jesus`).
- When introducing a new username, add a custom CSS class for them in your SCSS (e.g., `.slack-user.gabriel`), and style it to be visually distinctive but harmonious with the theme. This helps readers quickly identify speakers in threads.
- Place the thread after the relevant section (e.g., after System Logs or before Postmortem).
- This ensures all Slack threads are styled consistently across posts.
- For Slack-style threads, format each message so that the username and time are on one line (in a header div), and the message itself is on the next line (in a separate div). Example:
  ```html
  <div class="slack-msg">
    <div class="slack-header">
      <span class="slack-user uriel">uriel</span>
      <span class="slack-time">[09:15]</span>
    </div>
    <div class="slack-text">Anyone else seeing protocol forking?</div>
  </div>
  ```
- This ensures clarity and visual separation between the speaker and their message, and matches the established visual style (see the "walking on water" post for reference).

---

## Recurring Post Topic Templates
- Recurring post topic templates (such as "Ask Me About My Uptime") are kept in the `/topics/` directory in Markdown/instruction style.
- Each template should include:
  - A brief description of the topic's tone, purpose, and intended structure.
  - Example post titles or IDs for serial consistency (if applicable).
  - A section-by-section breakdown of the required structure (e.g., title format, log/report style, commentary, status, etc.).
  - Any special conventions for humor, voice, or formatting unique to the topic.
- Templates should be written as clear instructions for contributors, not as actual posts.
- When adding a new recurring topic, create a new Markdown file in `/topics/` following the above conventions, and update this section if needed.
- See `topics/ask_me_about_my_uptime.md` for a model template.
- Each recurring post should include a terminal-style or cartoonish image that visually represents the incident or story. Use `.webp` format for main images when possible, and ensure alt text is descriptive and on-theme.
- The incident or story should reference a biblical or historical event, reimagined in the Divine DevOps context (e.g., classic miracles, famous outages, legendary migrations, etc.).
- For headers that are alone on a line (e.g., **Root Cause**, **Status**, **Uriel's Note**) and are immediately followed by text on a new line, do not use a colon (`:`) at the end of the header. This keeps formatting clean and consistent across posts and templates.

---

## Formatting Consistency Vigilance
- Always keep alert for changes in formatting from previous posts.
- When a formatting change or inconsistency is found, point it out and document it for review.
- This includes (but is not limited to): section order, heading style, code/log block language, Slack thread markup, use of boxes, emoji, and tag or status placement.
- Consistency helps maintain a professional and immersive experience for readers.

---

## Divine Domain Substitution Reference
- When parodying typical tech domains, use these divine twists:
  - `.internal` → `.eternal` (e.g., notifications@heaven.eternal)
  - `.corp` → `.celestial` (e.g., admin@heaven.celestial)
  - `.cloud` → `.halo` (e.g., storage@miracles.halo)
  - `.svc` (service) → `.blessing` (e.g., api@miracles.blessing)
  - `.local` → `.paradise` (e.g., dev@devbox.paradise)
  - `.dev` → `.divine` (e.g., uriel@devops.divine)
  - `.test` → `.trial` (e.g., runner@ci.trial)
  - `.prod` → `.eternity` (e.g., deploy@heaven.eternity)
  - `.io` → `.omni` (e.g., logs@heaven.omni)
- Choose the subdomain to fit the sender's role or function in the post (e.g., `alerts.halo` for alerts, `support.eternal` for helpdesk, etc.).
- **Mix and match both real and parody domains throughout posts for maximum effect, immersion, and humor.**
- **Domain substitutions should feel natural and in-character, not forced or overused.** Use parody domains where they fit the joke or context, but don't avoid real domains entirely—sometimes a classic `.com`, `.org`, or `.io` is funnier or more immersive in context.
- The goal is to keep the world playful and immersive, not distractingly artificial.

---

### AI-Generated Image and Story Credit
- For posts where AI was used to generate the main image, or where the core story idea or substantial narrative content was generated by AI (not just minor edits, formatting, or expansion), add the following credit at the bottom (or in another unobtrusive location):
  ```html
  <p class="post-credit">Compiled in collaboration with an automated celestial compliance assistant</p>
  ```
- This ensures transparency and consistency for significant AI-assisted content and ideas.

Commit message:

Clarify section header formatting rules in CONTRIBUTING.md to ensure consistency across all documentation.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Divine DevOps – Contributing & Content Guidelines

## Overview
- This guide covers all content, formatting, style, and technical conventions for contributing to Divine DevOps posts and site content.
- When adding new sections or rules, place them in the most relevant section below to keep the file organized and easy to use.

---

## Basic Content Rules
1. **Clarity and Brevity**
   - Write all content to be clear, concise, and easy to understand, even when using in-universe humor or references.
   - Avoid unnecessary jargon unless it serves the joke or theme.
2. **Tone and Voice**
   - Maintain a consistent, playful, and “in-universe” tone throughout all posts.
   - Use DevOps, sysadmin, and tech metaphors to reinforce the Divine DevOps theme.
3. **Accessibility**
   - Ensure all images have descriptive alt text.
   - Use semantic HTML where possible for better accessibility.
4. **Front Matter Consistency**
   - Every post must start with valid YAML front matter including:
     - `layout`
     - `title`
     - `date`
     - `summary` (see Post Summary Guidelines)
     - `intro` (see Post Intro Guidelines)
     - `tags`
     - `image` (see Image Usage and Post Images: Alt Text Guidelines)
     - `image_alt` (optional, see Post Images: Alt Text Guidelines)
   - See the relevant sections below for details on each field.
5. **No Spoilers in Titles or Summaries**
   - Titles and summaries should not reveal the outcome or punchline of the post.
6. **One Main Incident/Miracle per Post, Plus Optional Extras**
   - Each post should focus on a single main incident, PR, or miracle for clarity and narrative focus.
   - In addition to the main event, a post can include a code snippet, a Slack thread, an event/meeting request, or other in-universe artifacts as appropriate.
7. **Chronological Consistency**
   - When posting a series (e.g., miracles), maintain chronological or logical order unless intentionally breaking it for narrative effect.

---

## Post Summary Guidelines
- Each post must have a `summary` in the YAML front matter.
- The summary should be written 'in universe' (from the perspective of the Divine DevOps Universe).
- The summary should not reveal the ending or final status of the post.
- The summary should set up the scenario, incident, or miracle as a hook for the reader, maintaining suspense or curiosity.

---

## Post Intro Guidelines
- Every post should include an `intro` field in the YAML front matter.
- The `intro` is displayed immediately after the post title (line 1) and the post date/time (line 2), before the main content.
- Write the intro as a single, punchy sentence or two that sets the tone, context, or stakes for the post.
- Keep it concise, engaging, and in-universe—think of it as the "hook" for the reader.
- Example:
  ```yaml
  intro: "Pull Request #666 represents one of the most audacious attempts at privilege escalation in divine history."
  ```
- If no `intro` is provided, the intro section will be omitted from the rendered post.

---

## Structure & Formatting Conventions

### Miracle/Event Post Structure
- Use the following sections in order:
  1. Miracle alert (with Adler Hash and incident summary)
  2. Incident/Event details (Event ID, User, etc.)
  3. System Logs (as a fenced code block)
  4. (Optional) Slack thread (see below)
  5. Postmortem/Commentary (blockquote or section)
  6. Status/Impact (bolded lines or emoji)
- Do not use a “Lessons Learned” box in miracle/event posts.

### Lessons Learned Box (PR/Incident Posts)
- Use a visually distinct `<div class="lessons-learned">` with a `<ul>` for “Lessons Learned” in PR or incident posts, but not in miracle/event posts.
- Example:
  ```html
  <div class="lessons-learned">
    <ul>
      <li>Lesson 1</li>
      <li>Lesson 2</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
  ```

### Section Headings and Dividers
- Use `###` or `####` for major section headings (e.g., “System Logs”, “Postmortem: Uriel-404 Commentary”, “Incident Report — ...”).
- Use `---` (horizontal rule) to visually separate major sections.
- **Do not use a colon (`:`) at the end of a section header unless the header and its content are on the same line (e.g., `Status:`). For headers that are alone on a line, omit the colon.**
  - **Section headers:** Do not use a colon at the end of any header (any level, e.g., `##`, `###`, `####`) unless content follows on the same line. This applies to all section and subsection headers.
    - **Incorrect:**
      ```markdown
      ### Tools Detected:
      ### Disputed Outcome:
      ```
    - **Correct:**
      ```markdown
      ### Tools Detected
      ### Disputed Outcome
      ## DMCA Takedown Notice
      ## Summary
      ```
    - **Allowed (content on same line):**
      ```markdown
      ### Summary: An overview of the incident
      ```

### Blockquotes for Commentary
- Use `>` blockquote formatting for in-character commentary, especially from Uriel-404 or other “reviewers.”

### Status/Impact Section
- Status, Impact, Severity, etc., are listed as bolded lines at the end of the post, sometimes with emoji for emphasis.

### Adler Hash and Incident Summary
- Miracle/incident posts begin with a “Miracle alert” block, including an Adler Hash and a one-line incident summary.

### Reviewer/Email Formatting
- Reviewer and user emails in posts should use on-theme domains ending in `.eternal` (e.g., `@divine.eternal`, `@archangels.eternal`, `@notifications.eternal`).
- The subdomain should fit the sender's role or function in the post (e.g., `notifications.eternal` for notification emails, `archangels.eternal` for archangel reviewers, etc.).
- Use `.eternal` wherever you would use `.internal` in a typical tech org.

### Code/Log Blocks
- Use fenced code blocks (with language, e.g., ```log or ```bash) for logs, commands, or system output.
- Use the correct language identifier for code blocks for syntax highlighting.

### Image Usage
- Use descriptive alt text for all images.
- Use `.webp` for post images when possible for performance.

### Tag Formatting
- Tags are displayed as archive links below the post content.
- **Include relevant topics, event types, and all unique characters/users appearing in Slack threads, logs, or narrative (e.g., `jesus`, `uriel`, `gabriel`, `michael`, `raphael`).**
  - This improves discoverability and consistency across posts.

### Confession Booth (Giscus)
- The Giscus comment section is themed as a “Confession Booth” with a heading and intro, and offers both public (Giscus) and private (mailto) confession options.

---

## Image Guidelines
### Image Format Guidelines
- Prefer `.webp` for new images in posts, layouts, and most site content for better performance.
- **Do NOT use `.webp` for favicons, Apple touch icons, or manifest icons** (e.g., in `_includes/seo-head.html` and `_includes/header.html`). Use `.png` for these to ensure compatibility with all browsers, devices, and social sharing platforms.
- When adding a `.webp` version of an existing `.png`, update references in posts and templates to use `.webp` where appropriate, but keep `.png` for icons and legacy compatibility as above.
- **Always keep the original `.png` alongside the `.webp`** for reference and fallback, even if the main reference is updated to `.webp`.

### Post Images: Alt Text Guidelines
- All post images must have an `alt` attribute for accessibility.
- By default, the alt text will be set to the post title plus "image" (e.g., `alt="{{ page.title }} image"`).
- For better accessibility and context, you may set a custom alt text by adding an `image_alt` field to your post's front matter:
  
  ```yaml
  image: /assets/images/posts/merge-666.webp
  image_alt: "Cartoon of Lucifer attempting a forbidden merge"
  ```
- If `image_alt` is provided, it will be used as the alt text. If not, the default will be used.
- Use a brief, descriptive phrase for `image_alt` that conveys the image's content or purpose. If the image is decorative, you may use `image_alt: ""` (empty string).

---

## SCSS/Sass Workflow for CSS
- All site styles are written in modular SCSS partials located in the `_sass/` directory.
- The main SCSS entry point is `assets/css/main.scss`, which imports all partials and is compiled to CSS by Jekyll.
- To add or update styles:
  1. Create or edit a partial in `_sass/` (e.g., `_slack.scss` for Slack thread styles).
  2. Import your partial in `main.scss` if it isn't already included.
  3. Use variables and mixins from shared partials for consistency.
  4. Do not write or edit raw CSS files—always use SCSS partials.
- Run the Jekyll build process to compile SCSS to CSS. Jekyll will handle minification and output to `assets/css/main.css`.
- Use Stylelint to check for code quality and consistency in your SCSS.

---

## CSS & Styling Conventions
- Reuse existing CSS classes and partials from the `_sass` directory whenever possible (e.g., `.slack-log`, `.lessons-learned`, `.giscus-confession-booth`).
- Do not create new CSS classes for features that already have a style defined in the `_sass` directory.
- Reference or extend existing partials for new features to maintain a consistent look and reduce duplication.

---

## Slack Thread Formatting for Posts
Use the following HTML structure for all Slack-style threads in posts for consistency:
```html
<div class="slack-log">
  <div class="slack-msg">
    <div class="slack-header">
      <span class="slack-user username">username</span>
      <span class="slack-time">[time]</span>
    </div>
    <div class="slack-text">Message goes here.</div>
  </div>
  ...
</div>
```
- Each message should have the username and time together in a header `<div>`, and the message itself in a separate `<div>` below (multi-line format).
- Use the appropriate CSS classes for usernames (e.g., `slack-user uriel`, `slack-user jesus`).
- When introducing a new username, add a custom CSS class for them in your SCSS (e.g., `.slack-user.gabriel`), and style it to be visually distinctive but harmonious with the theme. This helps readers quickly identify speakers in threads.
- Place the thread after the relevant section (e.g., after System Logs or before Postmortem).
- This ensures all Slack threads are styled consistently across posts.
- For Slack-style threads, format each message so that the username and time are on one line (in a header div), and the message itself is on the next line (in a separate div). Example:
  ```html
  <div class="slack-msg">
    <div class="slack-header">
      <span class="slack-user uriel">uriel</span>
      <span class="slack-time">[09:15]</span>
    </div>
    <div class="slack-text">Anyone else seeing protocol forking?</div>
  </div>
  ```
- This ensures clarity and visual separation between the speaker and their message, and matches the established visual style (see the "walking on water" post for reference).

---

## Recurring Post Topic Templates
- Recurring post topic templates (such as "Ask Me About My Uptime") are kept in the `/topics/` directory in Markdown/instruction style.
- Each template should include:
  - A brief description of the topic's tone, purpose, and intended structure.
  - Example post titles or IDs for serial consistency (if applicable).
  - A section-by-section breakdown of the required structure (e.g., title format, log/report style, commentary, status, etc.).
  - Any special conventions for humor, voice, or formatting unique to the topic.
- Templates should be written as clear instructions for contributors, not as actual posts.
- When adding a new recurring topic, create a new Markdown file in `/topics/` following the above conventions, and update this section if needed.
- See `topics/ask_me_about_my_uptime.md` for a model template.
- Each recurring post should include a terminal-style or cartoonish image that visually represents the incident or story. Use `.webp` format for main images when possible, and ensure alt text is descriptive and on-theme.
- The incident or story should reference a biblical or historical event, reimagined in the Divine DevOps context (e.g., classic miracles, famous outages, legendary migrations, etc.).
- For headers that are alone on a line (e.g., **Root Cause**, **Status**, **Uriel's Note**) and are immediately followed by text on a new line, do not use a colon (`:`) at the end of the header. This keeps formatting clean and consistent across posts and templates.

---

## Formatting Consistency Vigilance
- Always keep alert for changes in formatting from previous posts.
- When a formatting change or inconsistency is found, point it out and document it for review.
- This includes (but is not limited to): section order, heading style, code/log block language, Slack thread markup, use of boxes, emoji, and tag or status placement.
- Consistency helps maintain a professional and immersive experience for readers.

---

## Divine Domain Substitution Reference
- When parodying typical tech domains, use these divine twists:
  - `.internal` → `.eternal` (e.g., notifications@heaven.eternal)
  - `.corp` → `.celestial` (e.g., admin@heaven.celestial)
  - `.cloud` → `.halo` (e.g., storage@miracles.halo)
  - `.svc` (service) → `.blessing` (e.g., api@miracles.blessing)
  - `.local` → `.paradise` (e.g., dev@devbox.paradise)
  - `.dev` → `.divine` (e.g., uriel@devops.divine)
  - `.test` → `.trial` (e.g., runner@ci.trial)
  - `.prod` → `.eternity` (e.g., deploy@heaven.eternity)
  - `.io` → `.omni` (e.g., logs@heaven.omni)
- Choose the subdomain to fit the sender's role or function in the post (e.g., `alerts.halo` for alerts, `support.eternal` for helpdesk, etc.).
- **Mix and match both real and parody domains throughout posts for maximum effect, immersion, and humor.**
- **Domain substitutions should feel natural and in-character, not forced or overused.** Use parody domains where they fit the joke or context, but don't avoid real domains entirely—sometimes a classic `.com`, `.org`, or `.io` is funnier or more immersive in context.
- The goal is to keep the world playful and immersive, not distractingly artificial.

---

### AI-Generated Image and Story Credit
- For posts where AI was used to generate the main image, or where the core story idea or substantial narrative content was generated by AI (not just minor edits, formatting, or expansion), add the following credit at the bottom (or in another unobtrusive location):
  ```html
  <p class="post-credit">Compiled in collaboration with an automated celestial compliance assistant</p>
  ```
- This ensures transparency and consistency for significant AI-assisted content and ideas.
