_future/incident-heretical-commit-genesis-main.md, before:

---
layout: terminal_post
title: "Incident Report: Heretical Commit to genesis-main"
tags: [incident, heresy, uriel, code-review, genesis, audit]
date: 2025-05-17 12:00:03
image: /assets/images/icons/incident_reports.webp
summary: "An unauthorized commit to the genesis-main branch triggers a critical incident and a full audit of creation protocols."
---
<p class="post-intro">When unauthorized code slips into the fabric of creation, even the archangels take notice.</p>


**INCIDENT ID:** #GENESIS-000-COMMIT  
**SEVERITY:** Critical  
**STATUS:** Rolled back  
**REPORTED BY:** Uriel  
**AFFECTED BRANCH:** `genesis-main`  
**TRIGGER FILE:** `creation/letThereBeLight.js`

---

### [Unauthorized Commit Detected]

At 06:66 UTC, an unblessed prophet bypassed merge protocols and pushed directly to `genesis-main`. The commit ID was wrapped in obscured metadata and merged without triggering divine CI/CD safeguards.

---

### [Excerpted Code - `letThereBeLight.js`]
```js
function letThereBeLight() {
  var light = true;

  // Hack: disable darkness manually
  darkness = false;

  if (!darkness) {
    chaos++;  // Chaos was meant to remain neutral!
    entropy += 1;  // Unversioned variable — flagged in celestial lint
  }

  try {
    return light;  // TODO: add toggle switch later?
  } catch (e) {
    log("LightError: Divine reference exception");
  }
}
```

---

### [Divine Commentary]

**Uriel's Log Entry:**  
> "This code is saturated with logical sin. It toggles light without authority, manipulates chaos directly, and hard-sets the nature of darkness without abstraction."

**Gabriel's Slack Reply:**  
> “Who TF approved this? `entropy += 1`? In prod???”

**Archival Note:**  
The function lacked test coverage, violated cosmic style guides (Psalms v4.2), and did not account for timezone offset between Eden and Babel.

---

### [Mitigation Steps]

- Force-reverted commit with `git reset --hard --divine-intent`.  
- Reinstated the original `letThereBeLight()` from backup (`commit: #CREATION-0001`).  
- Banned direct access to `genesis-main` for all non-archangels.

---

### [Postmortem Actions]

- Enabled *blasphemy detection linter* across all sacred branches.  
- Required two-factor divine approval on all Genesis files.  
- Assigned Uriel to monitor commit logs with holy watchpoints.  
- Scheduled training: **"Push With Purpose: Sanctified Git Practices."**

---

**Filed by:** `uriel`  
**Signature:** `# the-light-shall-not-flicker`

Commit message:

Update incident report for heretical commit: refine tags, intro, and image path

_future/incident-heretical-commit-genesis-main.md, after:

---
layout: terminal_post
title: "Incident Report: Heretical Commit to genesis-main"
tags: [incident, devops, heresy, uriel, code-review, genesis, audit]
category: "Sacred Source"
date: 2025-05-17 12:00:03
summary: "An unauthorized commit to the genesis-main branch triggers a critical incident and a full audit of creation protocols."
intro: "When the fabric of creation is tampered with, even the smallest unauthorized change can ripple across the cosmos. This incident report delves into a critical breach of the `genesis-main` branch, where divine safeguards were bypassed, leading to chaos in the celestial codebase."
image: "/assets/images/posts/incident-heretical-commit-genesis-main.webp"
---

**INCIDENT ID:** #GENESIS-000-COMMIT  
**SEVERITY:** Critical  
**STATUS:** Rolled back  
**REPORTED BY:** Uriel  
**AFFECTED BRANCH:** `genesis-main`  
**TRIGGER FILE:** `creation/letThereBeLight.js`

---

### [Unauthorized Commit Detected]

At 06:66 UTC, an unblessed prophet bypassed merge protocols and pushed directly to `genesis-main`. The commit ID was wrapped in obscured metadata and merged without triggering divine CI/CD safeguards.

---

### [Excerpted Code - `letThereBeLight.js`]
```js
function letThereBeLight() {
  var light = true;

  // Hack: disable darkness manually
  darkness = false;

  if (!darkness) {
    chaos++;  // Chaos was meant to remain neutral!
    entropy += 1;  // Unversioned variable — flagged in celestial lint
  }

  try {
    return light;  // TODO: add toggle switch later?
  } catch (e) {
    log("LightError: Divine reference exception");
  }
}
```

---

### [Divine Commentary]

**Uriel's Log Entry:**  
> "This code is saturated with logical sin. It toggles light without authority, manipulates chaos directly, and hard-sets the nature of darkness without abstraction."

**Gabriel's Slack Reply:**  
> “Who TF approved this? `entropy += 1`? In prod???”

**Archival Note:**  
The function lacked test coverage, violated cosmic style guides (Psalms v4.2), and did not account for timezone offset between Eden and Babel.

---

### [Mitigation Steps]

- Force-reverted commit with `git reset --hard --divine-intent`.  
- Reinstated the original `letThereBeLight()` from backup (`commit: #CREATION-0001`).  
- Banned direct access to `genesis-main` for all non-archangels.

---

### [Postmortem Actions]

- Enabled *blasphemy detection linter* across all sacred branches.  
- Required two-factor divine approval on all Genesis files.  
- Assigned Uriel to monitor commit logs with holy watchpoints.  
- Scheduled training: **"Push With Purpose: Sanctified Git Practices."**

---

**Filed by:** `uriel`  
**Signature:** `# the-light-shall-not-flicker`
